Tailwind package setup (#8003)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/contributing/css_guidelines.rst

You'll need Node.js and npm on your development machine.
Ensure project dependencies are installed by running ``npm install --no-save``

> Tailwindcss
> -----------
> Wagtail now has the ability to use utility classes from the tailwindcss package based off values set in our tailwind.config.js file.
> To use these utilities you will need to prefix your class names with `w-` to avoid interfering with other predefined styles of similar names.

Reviewer: Suggested rewording – from the perspective of people reading this, it doesn’t really matter it’s a new thing.

```suggestion
Tailwind CSS
-------------

Wagtail uses utility classes via Tailwind, generated based on values set in the ``tailwind.config.js`` file.

To use these utilities you will need to prefix your class names with ``w-`` to avoid interfering with other predefined styles of similar names.
```

Author: Thanks!
